So now we've reached the final step in creating our API tier,
and that is that we need to connect lambda with API gateway.
So here within this demo,
we're first going to be creating an API gateway HTTP API, and then we'll be
creating an integration to allow API gateway to call our lambda function, and
then we'll be validating our API with Postman.
So, let's dive in.
So just like with many of the clips in this module,
our first step here is actually in the terminal
because we need to install a package.
So, in this case, we're going to be installing aws‑apigatewayv2,
and as a reminder, v2 means we're working with the HTTP
APIs as opposed to the REST‑based APIs.
Now that we have that in place, we're going to head over to VS Code.
So here within VS Code,
I'm in our API construct, and I'm going to scroll to the top here.
We're going to need to import API gateway. So I'm going to say
import as apig from aws‑cdk, and then apigateway.
So now that we have that imported,
we can now go below where we were configuring our IAM permissions.
And the first thing we're going to need to do is we're going
to need to create an API gateway HttpAPI.
Now that is just as simple as including this here.
Now I'm going to call out what I've pasted.
First of all,
we're giving this an API name of document‑management‑api.
We're having it create a default stage, we're not worrying
with multiple stages at this point,
and we're specifying the option here for cores.
Now, as mentioned, we're setting the origin here to be the asterisk value,
which means it will match anything. Now, you
wouldn't want to do this in production, but for our case here,
this will work until we deploy a web application where we could
potentially limit it to that specific scope.
We also were saying here that the allowed methods are only HTTP GET. And that's
because right now we only have a GET method within our API.
And now that that's in place,
we can now create a LambdaProxyIntegration, and this is what's going to
actually link API gateway with our lambda function.
We're just going to call this integration, and we're saying this
is going to be a new LambdaProxyIntegration.
And here,
this isn't actually a resource in and of itself, so we just have
a props value to pass in. And we're going to specify the handler
is going to be our lambda function, which is getDocumentsFunction.
So now that we have our integration in place,
we're now ready to go in and configure our routes.
So we're going to say,
httpApi, we're going to add a route. Now, this also in and of itself
doesn't need to have the construct passed in because this is a part of
the httpApi where we did pass the construct in.
So in this case, we're just going to have a parameters object.
We're going to need to specify the path,
and in this case,
the path is going to be getDocuments. Then, in addition to the path,
we're going to need to pass in the methods. Now,
as mentioned, we're only using a GET method here.
So, we have an array that we can pass in.
We're going to say that this is going to be HttpMethod.GET
because that's all we need to use for now.
Now,
the next thing we need to include is the integration because we need
to know ultimately what API gateway needs to call.
And so we have our single integration that has been added
here. And next, we need to add one more thing,
and that's going to be a cloud formation output that is going to
include the URL for our HttpApi. So in this case,
we're going to say new cdk and then CfnOutput, and then we're going to
pass in the construct, and we're going to give it a name.
So we're going to call this APIEndpoint. Then, we need to pass in our
parameters object, we're going to say the value, which in this case,
is going to be httpApi, and we're going to pass in the URL, and we're
going to say here that that is something that we definitely need; it
doesn't need to be optional. And then we're going to specify the
export name, which is going to be APIEndpoint.
Now that we have this in place,
we're now ready to save our construct, and we're going to navigate
over to the terminal. And now we're going to deploy.
Now, one of the things you'll notice here is we do have an IAM statement change.
Now,
that might seem strange to you because we didn't work with
IAM directly, but when we created the integration between our
lambda function and API gateway,
it also gave API gateway the permission to invoke our lambda function,
which is what we want.
So we'll say yes that we're ready to deploy. Now that this is deployed,
you can see here that our APIEndpoint has been provided.
So I'm going to actually take this and I'm going to copy it, and now
I'm going to open up an application called Postman that will enable us
to test our API. So here within Postman,
I'm going to create a new tab.
This is going to be a GET request.
I'm going to paste in the URL that was our output,
and I'm going to add getDocuments.
Now that we have all of this in place, I should be able to just hit Send.
And now you can see that we are getting the expected output.
We're getting an array of files that includes both the file names and the URL.
So here within this module,
we have been able to implement the API tier of our
document management proof of concept.
We've created a lambda function with an integrated typescript project that
utilizes the CDK for bundling of our lambda function.
We've also integrated in with API gateway, and we've made sure that it has the permissions to work with our S3 bucket.